# Data for "Evaluation of compact pulsed lasers for two-photon microscopy using a simple method for measuring two-photon excitation efficiency"
This repository contains data and CAD files associated with the manuscript "Evaluation of compact pulsed lasers for two-photon microscopy using a simple method for measuring two-photon excitation efficiency" by Samir Saidi and Matthew Shtrahman, currently under review.

## Cuvette_files
3D CAD files (Solidworks and STEP) and engineering drawings (PDF) for a custom watertight stainless steel cuvette used to evaluate fluorescence excitation efficiency with a water-immersion objective.

### Solidworks
To view the cuvette assembly in Solidworks, download and unzip cuvette_Solidworks.zip. Then open cuvette_assembled.sldasm. If you use a different CAD software or your Solidworks version is out of date, follow the instructions below to download and open STEP files.

### STEP
Download and unzip cuvette_STEP.zip. Then open cuvette_assembled.STEP to see fully assembled and exploded views of the assembly. Open all the other files to see the individual parts. All files are in STEP AP203 format for compatibility with various CAD software.

### Engineering Drawing PDFs
Engineering drawings of the two custom pieces in the cuvette assembly are provided as PDF files. Simply download and open cuvette_top.pdf and cuvette_bottom.pdf.

## Fluorescence_Data
Comma-separated value (CSV) files containing fluorescence data from each of the lasers.

## FROG_Data
All files generated by measuring pulsed lasers with the frequency-resolved optical gating (FROG) device (6 measurements per laser).
